[Target 4.10.1] Support Content Security Policy (#3443)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: docs/CONTENT_SECURITY_POLICY.md

# Content Security Policy

Starting from 4.10.1, [Content Security Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP) is supported.

> > In this article, we are using a nonce of `a1b2c3d`. In production system, it should be a random and unguessable value that would change every time a policy is applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In this article, we are using a nonce of `a1b2c3d`. In a production system, it should be a random and unguessable value that changes every time a policy is applied.
```

To enable Web Chat in a CSP-enforced environment, the following directives must be configured:

```
connect-src https://directline.botframework.com wss://directline.botframework.com; img-src blob:; script-src 'strict-dynamic'; style-src 'nonce-a1b2c3d'
```

For example, in a strict CSP environment, the basic policy should be:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```html
<meta
  http-equiv="Content-Security-Policy"
  content="default-src 'none'; base-uri 'none'; connect-src blob: https://directline.botframework.com wss://directline.botframework.com; img-src blob:; script-src 'strict-dynamic'; style-src 'nonce-a1b2c3d'"
/>
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> > Additional source for `script-src` will be needed depends on nonce or `'self'` source is used to load Web Chat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Additional source for `script-src` will be needed depending on whether nonce or `'self'` source is used to load Web Chat.
```
